hello everyone its mark here and I've
got our video for you guys by armored
kill so if you don't know about
fakeblock was just recently updated
there by half an hour ago less than all
the assignments that are going to be an
honor code on the trophies and
achievements as well so I scroll through
these which five premium exclusive
assignments and five regular assignments
are available to everyone who the
premium mums they're all vehicle related
first one is armored superiority in
Seattle knocks these dog tags are pretty
nice-looking some logs again 50 kills in
the main battle tanks next one is
mechanized infantry and that's basically
got a 50 kills of infantry fighting
vehicles get to the choppa and 50 kills
of scale attack helicopters and destroy
25 main battle tanks with score attack
helicopters maverick 50 kills of jets
can and destroy 25 tackles go tell
accomplished rough jets and then the
last one there is need a ride as 50
kills from jeeps boots quads or
transport helicopters on 50 scroll
driver assists all right it says on my
cold dish from the blog premium members
will also get additional assignments
once the expansion pack has been out for
a while now it says here the description
sees premium assignments says unlocks
the moments periodic basic dog guy like
that get the chopper basic dog tag that
says basic dog tied problem so I'm
thinking like it must be an advanced
version then you get like 500 kills with
these things because if you like if you
got those two service stars let's call
this dog tags looking only pretty too
easy to get so I think that's what the
extra premium dog tags will be our
assignments like had like 500 all the
basic assignments are open for everyone
there's five of them first one is wired
attack
you have to destroy ten-time destroyers
and one mobile artillery not unlock the
tank destroyer teow exons explosive
danger unlocks a channel for tank
destroyers and not too sure EG stands
for not too sure if i can unlock in the
regular tanks in the game i haven't
checked well we'll find out and let's
get 15 kills of the tanki strong need
repair that unlocks time to start firing
extinguisher you have to repair 20
friendly vehicles so I'll be pretty easy
rocket specialist unlocks airbrushed for
mobile artillery I guess not least some
sort of empty air vehicle tag around the
arrow type not too sure I'm the air
support unlocks on their missiles from a
mobile artillery let's get 15 kills in
the gunship so I was wondering if the
artillery would be able to fire on
vehicles or if it would just be mainly
used for shelling the growing zone where
obviously down to assignments it looks
like it is going to be just like a a
really and true face or achievements
there's five of them first ones death
from above let's just get a kill off to
the cone shape that's really pretty easy
unlocks bronze trophy or 20 km school
saggin one is dropship let's destroy the
Khan ship which is bronze or 30
gamerscore what says bronze but it's a
silver icon so I think it's actually
silver silver trophy roadkill get a kill
with a call pipe gasps novel based
difficulties getting the cup of the leak
on skid loader superiority won a round
of tongue superiority it's pretty
self-explanatory that's silver or 20
games for destroyer let's get 10 kills
each of the tank destroyer on the mobile
artillery not silver or 30 game school
so that's all information is given on
the assignments and trophies if you
don't know armored fills actually
tomorrow for ps3 premium and ps3 premium
so of all for the job with second comes
out and off work so call me waiting if
they haven't given like the time of day
or night but i'll be on pretty early try
and half hour up as soon as possible for
you guys so sure to subscribe if you
wanna see that that's a by dr. C's